#20170303 Technical Meeting

**Date: March 3, 2017**

**Time: 9:00 a.m. – 10:00 a.m.**

**Agenda:** 

1.	AWS issues 
2.	Other items
3.	DOI registration workflow
4.	April 1st deadline
5.	Submission discussion 

**Proceedings:**

1.	The meeting began with briefly mentioning issues with AWS. The service went down over the entire eastern network and took around five hours to get back up. They have announced that safeguards are being put in place to prevent this from happening in the future. A suggestion was made to use Cades until we get something moving on AWS. Further discussions with team members will take place to decide the best action. 

2.	A QA Specialist at OSTI created wizard screens for the product. These will be reviewed by members of the technical team. Team members will also be meeting later to discuss the E-Link connectors. 

3.	Next, the team focused on the DOI registration process. The developers have obtained all of the metadata mapping needed for this and just need to have the hookups in E-Link to proceed. The DOI registration process was walked through to ensure everyone was on the same page. 

4.	The DOE Code team has an April 1st deadline (Internal Release of Metadata Capture User Interface – Encompasses DOE Code User Interface for metadata submission. Supports transmission of finalized metadata to E-Link triggering DOE STI workflow). The developers see no issues in meeting this deadline. They plan to have the wizard, the ability to make a software center record, and to have authentication for DOE contract numbers. 

5.	The last part of the meeting was spent in a submission discussion. A technical requirement coming out of this discussion was to have two-stage verification for entry vs. correctness. Something will have to be entered in all required metadata fields to show up to be indexed. Two whiteboard sketches of visions for submission were drawn (https://github.com/doecode/doecode/blob/master/docs/osti-technical/20170303%20Submission%20Discussion%201.jpg and https://github.com/doecode/doecode/blob/master/docs/osti-technical/20170303%20Submission%20Discussion%202.jpg). This conversation brought about authentication questions to be taken to the Policy team. 
